Clarify Gateway Translation Steps (#6504)
solo-io/gloo: test/kube2e/README.md

# Kubernetes End-to-End tests
This directory contains tests that install each of the 3 Gloo Edge flavors (`gateway`, `ingress`, and `knative`) in a Kubernetes cluster, and run
end-to-end tests against them.

*Note: All commands should be run from the root directory of the Gloo repository*

## Background

> Kubernetes may be used for scheduling, persistence or security. These tests validate that Gloo Edge can successfully operate within a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: Just to further underscore that these tests can only work if run on Kubernetes

```suggestion
Kubernetes may be relied on for scheduling, persistence or security. These tests validate that Gloo Edge can successfully operate within a Kubernetes cluster.
```
